c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\bin\Debug\forexRootKitEA.exe.config
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\bin\Debug\forexRootKitEA.exe
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\bin\Debug\forexRootKitEA.pdb
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\forexRootKitEA.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\forexRootKitEA_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\forexRootKitEA.g.resources
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\forexRootKitEA.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\forexRootKitEA.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\forexRootKitEA.exe
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\forexRootKitEA.pdb
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\direction.baml
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\PivotPointSelectorControl.baml
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\TimeFrameControl.baml
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\PivotPoint.g.cs
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\forexRootKitEA_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\PivotPoint.baml
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\TimeFrameControl.g.cs
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\direction.g.cs
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\PivotPointSelectorControl.g.cs
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\ATR.g.cs
c:\users\shad\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\ATR.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\spacingMode.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\MA.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\spacingMode.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\MA.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\MAMode.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\MAMode.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\StopLoss.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\StopLoss.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\TakeProfit.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\TakeProfit.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\PipStep.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\PipStep.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\OrderTypes.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\EOM.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\OrderTypes.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\EOM.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\Sessions.baml
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\Sessions.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\Orders.g.cs
C:\Users\Shad\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\forexRootKitEA\forexRootKitEA\obj\Debug\Controls\Orders.baml
